The world needs alternatives to
fossil-based raw materials and energy, –
and new recycling technologies
for eliminating plastic waste.
VTT Bioruukki Pilot Centre
offers unique expertise, –
modelling and piloting capabilities.
In thermochemical
conversions we create fuels –
and chemicals from waste
streams such as plastics, –
and our process chemistry expertise
adds value to the demanding products.
In hydrometallurgy we focus on
sustainable recovery of rare metals.
We also work with biomass processing
for bio-based raw materials, –
and with the production of recycled
and cellulose-based textile fibres.
Both start-ups and large companies
can benefit from our research –
and scale-up capabilities to turn technology
concepts into new business opportunities.
At Bioruukki, we turn visions into
solutions for a low-carbon future.